feat(pipeline): allow enabling KMS key rotation for cross-region Stacks (#16468)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-codepipeline/README.md

});
```

> If key rotation is required for KMS keys, you can configure it by passing
> `enableKeyRotation: true` when defining the pipeline. Ensure that
> `crossAccountKeys: true` is also passed. Enabling key rotation will
> incur an additional cost of **$1/month**.
> 
> ```ts
> const pipeline = new codepipeline.Pipeline(this, 'MyFirstPipeline', {
>   crossAccountKeys: true,
>   enableKeyRotation: true,
> });
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
If you want to enable key rotation for the generated for KMS keys,
you can configure it by passing `enableKeyRotation: true` when creating the pipeline.
Note that key rotation will incur an additional cost of **$1/month**.

```ts
const pipeline = new codepipeline.Pipeline(this, 'MyFirstPipeline', {
  // ...
  enableKeyRotation: true,
});
```
````

  slackChannelId: 'YOUR_SLACK_CHANNEL_ID',
});

const rule = pipeline.notifyOnExecutionStateChange('NotifyOnExecutionStateChange'

> , target);

Reviewer: Like I mentioned already in https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/pull/16468#discussion_r708538948, can we please revert all of these formatting changes to this file, and leave only the new paragraph introducing `enableKeyRotation`?

  slackChannelId: 'YOUR_SLACK_CHANNEL_ID',
});

const rule = pipeline.notifyOnExecutionStateChange(
  'NotifyOnExecutionStateChange',
  target

> );

Reviewer: Can we revert these formatting changes from this file please...?
